hey guys welcome back here's another fun
thing you can do with the fence gates
now with redstone power I have a set of
four gates here and let's say you have a
mob spawner or something that you want
to sort your mobs humanoid mobs you
could open that gate and let the
humanoid mobs through all the spiders
would get stuck if you wanted only
spiders to come through you would open
up the bottom one and someone pointed
out on the last video where I said that
having just the two bottom gates
wouldn't keep out the spires that is
true because they these are 1.5 tall but
the spiders will come through here I did
it before they don't want to go through
there you kind of have to force them
through with water they think that it's
a barrier so they don't really want to
go through but if you have water forcing
them through they will continue on
through so that should work fine if you
wanted cave spiders for whatever reason
you could just open one corner of it or
if you need at all of them open do it
like that so this array here is not the
only way you could wire up but it's the
simplest visual way I could could have
shown you how it's done the humanoid
mobs has two torches that are only going
to the right side there and then spiders
obviously they get the two middle ones
can go on the two bottom ones and then
cave only has one torch and then all
files all so
jump so if you're doing a mob spawner
and you needed to sort them for some
reason maybe have some mobs go one way
on some mobs go the other way I suppose
you could do that so cool so you guess